The game starts off in medias res, after a simple and kind Catholic named [[John Darron]] goes missing in. [[The Aliens]] abducted him after telepathically communicating with him over the course of several months. [[The Aliens]] seek immortality like the Chinese Emperors of old, and they saw [[John Darron]] as a wise sage they could seek guidance. Though his communications with [[The Aliens]], he preached the Catholic religion to them. [[The Aliens]] were especially interested in the teachings about Heaven, and wondered if there was truth in the eternal life promised after death. They invited [[John Darron]] to one of their ships to consult with [[The Head Alien]] who continued their conversation on the ship. After growing frustrated with [[John Darron]]'s teachings without evidence of what he was saying, [[The Head Alien]] decided that they would plant a psychic link into [[John Darron]]'s mind and soul, hopefully telling if he went to Heaven after dying. He was not allowed to return home because they feared of letting the humans know of their existence (erasing the human mind was impossible due to the imprint on the soul memories made, which would ruin their experiment.). Their quandary was that they could not have faith in God without evidence, and only humans could have faith without evidence. They therefore needed to kill John in order to gain proof, and therefore have their own faith.
There are other abductions made by these aliens, who were gathering answers about other human religions.
One path is to dig through the alien cases and learn about how to save John.
If you do, John is not killed to test the theory
If you don't John is killed and the aliens learn heaven exists. However, through more testing they realize only humans who have faith without resolution get in. Therefore, since they had learned it was real, they choose a host to imprint their mind onto, and kill the host to gain immortality.
They can copy their bodies, but they see it as an incomplete art with lost information between clones and not true immortality. They seek true immortality with certainty.
Maybe time thing u radmomlly remember sometjing ingame and do it to realize it was infrnation you sent youeslf in the fire to save john